🐛 Changed dbt packages in requirements.txt (#855)
dyvenia/viadot: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

### Fixed

> - Changed requirements.txt to level up version of dbt-sqlserver in order to fix bug with `MAXRECURSION` error in dbt_run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `requirements.tx`t to level up version of `dbt-sqlserver` in order to fix bug with `MAXRECURSION` error in dbt_run.
```

Author: Done

### Changed

### Removed

> - Removed dbt-core==1.3.2 from requirements.txt 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `dbt-core==1.3.2` from `requirements.txt`.
```

Author: Done
